Media queries are expressions we can add to our code that
modify our website based on characteristics of the device that it's being viewed on.
Okay, quick rewind.
So we're talking about developing apps for the web,
which means we'll write our code and a browser will execute it.
But that browser could be on someone's giant home monitor,
or it could be on a tiny cell phone screen,
or a giant cell phone screen,
or one of the other 135 device sizes in between.
So coding for the web can be difficult
because the different devices will display our content differently.
But the awesome flexibility of the web that makes all those things possible is
also funneled into a set of really practical possibilities using media queries.
So how do we ensure elegant design across all the possible different screen sizes?
We use media queries with breakpoints.
Here you can see a quick example of it.
This is a media query set up with a breakpoint of 900 pixels,
which means when the browser is more than 900 pixels,
these are the CSS rules that will take place.
Let's take a look at how you would develop first a mobile ready site,
and then have that be able to responsively turn into a big website.